The tests around our two listeners are looking pretty good, so they're now going to start to move on
to a couple of other things.
I put together a quick diagram just to help you understand what we're going to do in the next couple
of videos.
And I did this just because right now we have to tackle a couple of little side topics really quickly,
just some kind of administrative stuff to make sure everything works as expected.
And whenever we go through these kind of discontented topics, it's really easy to get lost and lose
sight of what we're really trying to do.
So this is what we're going to try to achieve in the next couple of videos.
First, we're going to add in the Mongoose update if current module into the order's model.
The reason for this is that we want to have that same kind of version system around orders just as we
have it around tickets.
We're going to eventually emit events or publish a lot of events and listen to a lot of events around
orders changing over time.
And just like with tickets, we need to make sure we process those events in the correct order.
And so we're always going to do that by wiring up this update if current module.
After that, we're then going to fix up a couple of tests.
So in particular, we're going to make sure that whenever we are creating tickets inside of our order
service, we need to make sure that we provide an ID.
So this is tied to some of the stuff we just went through in the last couple of videos.
Remember, we want to make sure that we have a consistent ID for all the tickets that are created between
our ticket service and the order service.
However, we have a lot of code inside the order service right now that creates tickets without providing
an ID.
So we have to go hunt around in a couple of occasions and find those locations and just make sure we
provide an ID whenever we create a ticket.
And then finally, last thing, just a little bit ago, we made an update to our account module and
we said that all of our different events were going to include a version flag.
However, we do have two locations inside the order service where we are emitting information or publishing
information about an order, and we are currently not including a version property when we are publishing
those events.
And so those right now are causing a typescript error.
TypeScript is saying if you want to publish this event, you have to provide a version.
So that's it.
That's it.
We're going to go through.
Let's start first right now with the Mongoose update if current module in the orders model.
So inside my order service, I'm going to find the order model file.
At the very top.
I will import the.
Plug in.
Update if current plugin.
From Mongoose update if current.
Well, then go down to right after our schema.
Right after the order schema.
We'll throw in here order schema, set, version key.
And again, we're going to set it to version.
And then right after that, we're going to tell this schema to make use of that plug in.
So we'll add in order.
Schema plug in and fast an update if current plug in.
There we go.
Okay.
Last thing to do, we're going to go back up to our order document interface.
So again, remember, this describes all the properties that an order has.
The Mongoose document interface says that a document has an underscore underscore V property, which
is usually used for tracking versions.
But as we discussed many times, we are recording our versions on a version property.
So just so we can access that version property, we have to add it to this order doc interface.
And that's just to make TypeScript happy and understand that all orders have a version property.
So we'll add inside of your version.
It's going to be a number and that's it.
Cool.
Okay.
So that's step number one.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to fix up a couple of tests.